---
layout: post 
search_exclude: true
show_reading_time: false
permalink: /adinatmblog
title: Adi's N@TM Blog
categories: [Adi Final Retrospective]
---

# Night at The Museum

N@TM was an very fun, energizing, and interesting event to attend. I sat and watched the Jazz Bands play and I really liked the piece selection of Jazz A. Even though the singing part was interesting, I didn't enjoy it because the band had to play softer to account for the quieter moving lines. 

# Reflection on CSSE's Platformer 4x

CSSE's Platformer 4x demonstrated a promising concept and engaging gameplay flow. It featured solid level design, a decent balance between challenge and exploration, and a visually appealing environment. With a few minor tweaks—such as smoother character controls, animations, and collision mechanics it could be a truly fun to play platformer experience. Overall, it was very close to being a fun and polished project, and with a bit of additional refinement, it could stand out even more.
I haven't taken CSSE, and I thought it was very interesting what they were learning in that class. I liked how beginner friendly the content they made was and how it made CS class seem like a fun time to develop a game. I left feedback on their site, describing these issues. **I also told Veera, a group member of this project, that even though it may seem hard to implement these features, it is crucial in order to make the game look nice.**

# Reflection on the CSA Stock Platform

The CSA Stock Platform was very well-made for a high school project, offering real-time market updates and a sleek interface that felt strikingly professional. Its design showcased thoughtful user experience choices, making stock transactions and data interpretation straightforward. While the live data connection was a standout feature.Overall, the site they created looks very polished and it shows what exactly can be accomplished in CS class after lots of hard work. 